The [SSID] and [Password] will appear on the camera.
Open the Wi-Fi setup screen of your iPhone/iPad.
Set your iPhone/iPad for Wi-Fi connection.
Select the detected camera (DIRECT-xxxx:xxx-xxx).
Enter the password displayed on the camera
in your iPhone/iPad.
Your camera and iPhone/iPad will establish
a connection.
Start PlayMemories Mobile™ on your iPhone/iPad.
Register the camera for automatic transfer of
still images on PlayMemories Mobile™.
The camera has been registered.
Follow these procedures to return to
the shooting screen.
Shoot a still image with your camera.
Bring the iPhone/iPad you registered as the transfer
destination near the camera.
Switch off your camera.
From the Wi-Fi setup screen, select the SSID of
the camera and check the Wi-Fi connection.
Return to the home screen and start PlayMemories Mobile™.
The camera will transfer the still image.
When the transfer is completed, the camera will
automatically shut off.
You can view the transferred still images
with applications.